Fix typos, links, glossary terms (#57)
empa-scientific-it/how-to-git: src/content/docs/index.mdx

<Aside type="tip" title="No code knowledge required">

>   Based on experience, it is simpler not to start with coding examples when learning about Git.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Based on experience, when starting to learn git, it is not better to start with coding examples.
```
